Make a comment more inclusive (#314)
jenkinsci/branch-api-plugin: CHANGELOG.md

    ([Pipeline Plugin](https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Pipeline+Plugin)).
-   Major refactoring to use `ComputedFolder` API in
    [CloudBees Folders Plugin](https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/CloudBees+Folders+Plugin).

> -   Always run branch indexing on the controller node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Always run branch indexing on the built-in node.
```
